year 1998 young lebron james is attending
a basketball game at his school which his
mother has to miss because of work just before
the game his friend lets him play a game boy
with a looney tunes game lebron goes up to
play and misses his shot during the game
the coach tells him that he has great potential
but he has to let go of distractions lebron
agrees and throws away the game boy promising
to dedicate himself to the game the credits show
lebron throughout his successful basketball career
playing for different teams and starting a family
a darius is practicing his basketball skills while
dom is more interested in video games and has even
designed a basketball themed game of his own
lebron thinks dom has potential in the sport
but he doesn't know how to tell his
dad that he has different interests
camilla tells lebron to hear out
their son and respect his desires
at the warner brothers studio an ai named
algierithm studies all of lebron's career and
laments to his buddy pete that he's stuck in the
studio server-verse with all of their ips he has
a plan to finally get himself noticed and he plans
to use lebron and some new tech to accomplish his
goal he creates an email to a studio executive and
the idea is hatched dom is working on his game and
wanting to go to a video game design camp the
following weekend instead of the basketball camp
that his dad wants him to go to he is working on
a character based on lebron with his own special
skill but unfortunately dom's computer crashes
when the lebron character does his special move
causing a glitch and for the character to be
erased lebron tries to reassure dom that things
will be okay and invites him on the wb studio tour
that he was invited to lebron goes with dom and
his friend malik they watched a presentation
it involves the new tech called warner 3000
and would apparently scan lebron and put him in
the world of several wb properties like batman
game of thrones or harry potter
after the presentation they talked with the two
executives of wb lebron finds the idea to be dumb
and tacky which algae overhears through a camera
enraging him however dom thinks the idea is cool
and admits to his dad that he's planning to go to
the game design camp instead of basketball camp
this leads to an argument between father and
son with dom telling lebron that he never lets
him be himself as the two start leaving the
elevator takes them to the lower level where
the server-verse room is dom is lured in by a
giant mechanical ball that pulls him and later
lebron inside there they meet algae who charms
dom but lebron quickly figures he's a bad guy
algae makes dom disappear and tells lebron that
he will get him back but first he must beat
algae at a basketball game of his own creation
he then has pete send lebron to the rejects
celebrant passes through several other
wb worlds before landing in tune world
lebron becomes animated and finds that
the world of the looney tunes is vacant
until he comes across a poster for rabbit
and duck season this summons bugs bunny
who has continued living there alone hey you're
that famous basketball oh my god is that a yep
why would you do that
since all the other tunes abandoned him after
lebron tells bugs that algae has his son bugs
expresses his own grudge with algae since it was
he who convinced the other tunes that there is
more to seed in their own toon world leaving bugs
all alone lebron then looks out at a clock that
is counting down for less than 24 hours for him
to assemble his team bugs agrees to help lebron
in order to save dom bugs makes a fake claim
to the land for earth which brings marvin the
martian and his dog canine so that he can claim
the land i claim this planet in the name of mars
bugs just uses this as a distraction so he and
lebron can steal marvin's ship and go look for
the other tunes while lebron thinks they can
use strong wb characters like the iron giant
in superman bugs thinks it's best to reassemble
the tune squad they first go to the dc animated
are we universe a runaway train where
daffy duck and porky pig trying to
make daffy look like a hero so
he can join the justice league
but he nearly causes a train to crash into an
orphanage before superman and the other heroes
stop them and nearly beat up daffy before he and
porky agree to join bugs next they find wiley
coyote in the world of mad max fury road movie
joining the war boys as he hunts down roadrunner
after that elmer fudd and sylvester
are in the austin powers movie world
trying to work for dr evil
then they find yosemite sam in casablanca movie
before they can recruit more tunes tasmanian
devil is brought to the tombs by rick and morty
meanwhile foghorn leghorn is in wistero's
flying dragons with gossamer and game of thrones
next on the list is granny and speedy
gonzales are in the matrix movie
while the tunes wants a group picture twenty
was shows up after sylvester coughs him up
finally lola bunny is training to
be an amazon under wonder woman
you must complete all the obstacles before
time runs out i'm ready princess diana
begins
but when bugs and lebron come asking for her help
she refuses as she completes the obstacle course
until lebron says he is doing this for his
son at which point lola has a change of heart
and rescues him and bugs from falling to their
deaths but failing to complete the course in
time wonder woman still commends
lola for putting her values first
and lola still becomes an amazon before
joining her old tune friends again
meanwhile algae shows interest in dom's video
game endeavors something he never got from his
dad dom humbly responds on how he made the
game through the help of friends of his dad
he elaborated how he scans the
players to be put on his game
algae steals the code of his phone through pete
lebron and the tunes try to get some training done
for the big game but their wacky
antics get in the way of actual
skill
outside in the real world malik is frantically
searching for lebron and dom until
he is found by camilla darius and
sasha tricks dom into coming
up with the code for his own
game into his world with dom giving
his own character the highest skills
before assembling mutated versions of
other basketball players i'm sure you can
algae starts to set his plan in
motion as the countdown for lebron
to find his team is up and the game
is set to take place in two world
well if it isn't the old news lg
upgrades the tunes into 3d characters
while he turns lebron back to his human body
the next is bugs
soon a vast majority of characters from the
serververse show up for the game including the
iron giant king kong the flintstones the jetsons
pennywise scooby-doo yogi bear and many more
using his own app algae gets all
of lebron's social media followers
ernie johnson jr and lil rel howery are
also pulled into the game as commentators
all these spectators i don't know but the
line for the bathroom is gonna be insane
including lebron's own family is now trapped
in the server verse to watch the game
algae announces that if the tomb squad wins
lebron and his family can return to their
real world but if the goon squad wins all the
humans will remain trapped in the server verse
well at least we're good and algae
will permanently delete the tunes
algae brings out the goon squad comprised
of snake monster the white member played by
diana taurasi the water and fire hybrid wet
fire played by clay thompson the spider creature
eric nica played by nicole mc the bird-like
giant the brow played by anthony davis
and the team captain the upgraded dominic james
in the start of the game dom utilizes his
special skills in the game to lebron's surprise
since they are playing by algae's rules anything
goes which allows the goons to dominate in the
first two quarters since lebron is still making
the tunes play through basic fundamentals
basketball but with a sting to it we gotta
but failed big time
then a new character was introduced
a time-bending robot called chronos
played by damian lillard he uses a clock
to manipulate time to slow the everything
around him and let him do what he
wants with the toon squad members
and then score points
after half time the tunes are feeling wiped out
sylvester tries to cheer them up by saying
they found michael jordan in the crowd
and can help give them a
boost they desperately need
except it's actually the actor michael b jordan
who still encourages lebron
and roots for him and the tunes
when lola says that they are doing everything
that lebron told him to do he realizes that he
is preventing them from playing with their own
special skills just as he was with dom he hands
the reigns over to bugs who tells the gang that
they are going to go full looney for the next half
when the tunes return they bring their a game
with 20 birds scores the first bucket
gossamer also absorbs wet fire to slow
him down someone's absorbed in the game
that's all porter even wraps a ferocious freestyle
to algae giving them special skills points
the crowd is getting hope and
cheering for the tunes squad
then wiley and roadrunner helping score
multiple points with a clone machine
at wiley's expense then granny challenges chronos
and granny scores major points against
kronos even getting him to rapidly age
lebron tried to use again a power-up again and
this time it was successfully done beautifully
the tunes finally managed to
catch up on the scoreboard
lebron and dom then have a public reconciliation
after lebron admits that his son designed
something special and that he wishes he had seen
it earlier the two expressed their love for one
another
and dom leaves the goon squad after seeing
that algae truly is a bad guy this further
enrages the ai especially after he sees
that even pete wants to join the heroes
and he morphs into a giant robot that takes
full control over the game in the fourth quarter
algae cheats and steals points from the tunes
with mere seconds left on the clock lebron
and the tunes try to figure out a strategy until
dom remembers that the lebron character glitched
after performing his special move causing the game
to freeze if they do the same there algae won't be
able to have power in there but the one performing
the glitch move may be permanently deleted
lebron agrees to try out the move the
game resumes but as lola passes the ball
to lebron bugs takes it and pulls the move off
himself causing himself and the game to glitch
lebron uses a power-up to launch
himself to make the winning basket
only for algae to jump and try to pull him
down dom thinks quickly and tosses his dad
another power up giving him enough of a boost
to score the winning basket and defeat algae
he is turned into a poster and is destroyed
when pete flies through him with algae gone
the tunes turned back to their cartoon self
the humans returned to the real world while
lebron and dom say goodbye to the tunes the gang
gathers around bugs as their world is restored
he continues to glitch but expresses happiness
that he got his friends back together and then
he apparently disappears after saying that's all
folks then lebron and dom reuniting with the rest
of the family and malik lebron prepares to bring
dom to what the boy thinks is basketball camp
but he's actually bringing dom to sign up for the
game design camp finally allowing his son to reach
his full potential however dom keeps a basketball
with him so he can practice on this side
lebron then finds that bugs is now
in the real world as he is a tune
and therefore cannot die he asks lebron
if he can crash at his place for a while
to which he agrees until bug says that
he is bringing the whole gang with him
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next
videos you